

                                Tektonica::JOT
       
                A Perl 5 module for parsing the JOT specification 
                     for Ink Storage and Interchange format


                            Johan Van den Brande
                           johan@vandenbrande.com

INTRODUCTION

    JOT is a specification for ink storage. JOT was the proposed standard to
    use when a browser implements the scribble input field ( *<input
    type="scribble">* ). The JOT specification did not make it into the
    definitive HTML3 spec, but you can still find some references to it in
    the proposed HTML3 standard from the W3C.

    The only broser I'm aware of that implements this format is Xmosaic.

    Because JOT is a lightweight format, it is very interesting to use it on
    small devices like a PDA. The Avantgo browser for the PalmPilot
    implements the scribble input tag.

    JOT is also interesting because it stores an image as a 2D vector format
    with timely information. It does not only record the coordinates of the
    lines that a person draws on a tablet, but also records the speed,
    pressure, etc .... of the pen on the tablet. This can come handy in
    recognizing signatures or handwrite recognition.

INSTALLATION

	To use the accompanying module JOT::GD you will need to have the
	GD library from Lincoln D. Stein. For the rest this duo is not so
	greedy concerning modules it depends on.

IDEAS

	You can use this module to integrate in your avantgo apps, to implement
	signature capturing and processing in a subsequent server side script.
	

COMPATIBILITY
    This implementation only supports INK_BUNDLE_RECORD, INK_PENDATA_RECORD
    and INK_END_RECORD. It also does not use any of the Bundle Flags and
    assumes a compaction type of 1. This is sufficient to parse the Avantgo
    implementation of JOT.

AUTHOR AND COPYRIGHT
    Johan Van den Brande <johan@vandenbrande.com>,
    http://www.vandenbrande.com/

    Copyright (c) 2000-2001 Johan Van den Brande. All rights reserved. This
    program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
    the terms of the Artistic License, distributed with Perl.
